prosecutors from international criminal
court are investigating whether these
massive graves are evidence of a war
crime they have interviewed a staff from
Gaza shifa and Naser hospitals rescue
workers have exuded more than 400 bodies
within Hospital grounds and say some
people may have been buried alive or
executed despite hospitals being
protected under international law they
became a Battle Ground in
Gaza Israeli forces bombed raided and
besieged a shifa and Naser the two
largest hospitals in the strip the UN
has said Israeli forces transformed
Naser from a place of healing to a place
of death and the mass Graves may be just
the first of many such
discoveries emergency workers in Gaza
say they don't have enough equipment to
reach people buried alive in bombed
buildings and many trapped under Rubble
are dying
we estimate there are more than 10,000
people trapped under the rubble the
specialized Crews have not been able to
recover these bodies and those marted
have not been included in the death toll
which is recorded by the Gaza Ministry
of Health this is because we simply do
not have the resources or capabilities
to recover the thousands of Palestinians
still trapped under the rubble while the
official death tall stands at More Than
34,500 People the actual number won't be
known until the strip is it cleared a
process the UN says it could take up to
14 years Han Mahmud Al jaaz from Rafa
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer